https://dev.to/danilapetrova/this-is-why-you-can-t-work-productively-from-home-5d8p



As a precautionary measure to limit the exposure to corona, most of us are huddled working from home. Especially those who work in industries that allow it such as the IT Sector. And as a part of a company that develops tailored healthcare solutions I am no exception. While I have worked from home before, It was never for such a long period of time. Usually, just a day here and there to help combine work with the university.

I do, however, have certain suggestions that can make home-office both more efficient and more manageable and productive for you.

The distractions at home
Do you have a pet? A kid? Do you live in a house with multiple family members at home? Maybe your neighbour has kids. Or you just leaned a little too much on the comfort at home and are behind on your work.

Distractions at home are everywhere. Some get distracted by household chores. I, for one, cannot work focused if I have dishes or laundry lying around. Then we have the call of Netflix only one Chrome Tab away, the kitchen where we can make our absolute favourite meals and our loved ones we can spend hours talking to without noticing.

My point is, most of us associate home with anything but work. So it is so easy to fall behind with home-office due to all the distractions. Positive and negative.

Dedicate a workspace
So many of the working people do not really invest in a home desk set up. And it is understandable unless you are a student, you spend most of your waking time at work, so why would you spend the rest of it on a desk at home. For most people, the investment of a desk set up is not that much something that would pay off.

But under the current circumstances at best you will spend the next couple of weeks working from home, hopefully, it does not turn to months. So investing in a work station has some undeniable benefits:

Work/Leisure separation
Normally when I head out of the house for work, I associate home with rest and at leisure time. For me this may translate to home workouts, hanging out with family and giving some attention to my pets. Not to mention binging something on Netflix with a tasty snack.

So when I think about home, work is not what comes to mind. And so it can be easy to fall into habits that are not productive for work. Having a dedicated working space allows me to draw the line between rest and relaxation.

I have a desk that I only use for work and university assignments. Aside from that, any leisure activity I do in another area of my living space.

Clear boundaries
Let's say that you already have set up your desk, you have everything you need on it, it is tidy, decluttered and overall not distracting. You need to take this one step further, as the benefits of having a dedicated workspace can be soiled if not coupled with a dedicated mindset.

In order to maintain the work mindset on your workspace, you should also separate the actions you take on your desk. Sit there only when performing work-related tasks. If you want to have a snack or scroll through social media on your phone, then get up of your desk and to a leisure area, like the kitchen table or the couch.

You can decide what those boundaries can be entirely based on what your work demands and what your personal preferences are. But I do suggest you put in some thought into it before you let bad habits fortify that would inhibit your workflow.

Limiting distractions
I already mentioned how there can be a lot of distractions at home, and that is just how it is. And while you can’t exactly put your kids, family members, or pets on mute while you work you can definitely limit the number of notifications you allow to take away from your attention.

Phone notifications can be a great way to keep up with real-time events. It is also one sure way to lose focus on what you are up to. So consider disabling non-work-related notifications on your desk space while you work. Personally on my phone at all times I only allow phone calls and messaging services to send me push notifications. With the exception of banking apps and MyFitnessPal as staying healthy with food is something that I am currently pursuing as a part of the home office experience. This allows me to have better control over what part of my time and attention I choose to direct at my phone.

Work effectiveness through an efficient setup
The setup of your workspace will vary depending on what you are doing for work. If you are a developer you can likely benefit from a large countertop in addition to two or more monitors and good cable management. If you are an artist, then that requires sufficient space for your materials and a station to use for creation. If you work with audio you would once again need specific equipment and likely a quiet environment.

A work station will always be helpful
Yes, while you may be considering a setup based on the current situation, you will likely begin to enjoy having the space for whenever you need it. You might also find yourself picking up other interests, now that you have the space to do them. I am still a student and a working content specialist, I also have artistic hobbies. All that being said, my activities require desk space. Making it my own and as functional as possible, allowing me to switch from work to art quickly is a priority for the long run designed to assist me with all of my activities as needed.

Personally I cannot imagine not having a dedicated workspace in my home where I can get some focused work done, regardless if it is professional or something personal as simple as making the layout of my bullet journal. I have a well-thought-out section that I plan to transfer to a dedicated studio/office room down the road. You can dedicate as much or as little room as would fit your needs, but once you make it yours, and furnish it in a way that serves you well you will not regret it. Even long-term.


作为限制接触日冕的预防措施，我们大多数人都挤在家里工作。 特别是那些在允许它存在的行业工作的人，例如 IT 部门。 作为一家开发定制医疗解决方案的公司的一员，我也不例外。 虽然我以前在家工作过，但从来没有这么长时间。 通常，只是在这里或那里工作一天，帮助与大学合并工作。


不过，我确实有一些建议，可以使家庭办公室更有效率，更易于管理，对你更有成效。


家庭的干扰

你有宠物吗？ 一个孩子？ 你是否住在有多个家庭成员在家的房子里？ 也许你的邻居有孩子。 或者你只是在家里的舒适度上倾斜了一点，在工作上落后了。


家里的干扰无处不在。 有些人会被家务琐事分心。 就拿我来说，如果我把盘子或者衣服放在家里，我就不能集中精力工作了。 然后我们就有了 Netflix 的电话，只有一个 Chrome 标签，在厨房里我们可以做我们最喜欢的饭菜，我们可以花几个小时和我们爱的人聊天而不会注意到。


我的观点是，我们大多数人把家和工作联系在一起。 因此，由于各种干扰，很容易落后于家庭办公室。 积极和消极。


专门设计一个工作空间

因此，许多工作的人并不真正投资于家庭办公桌的设置。 这是可以理解的，除非你是一个学生，你醒着的大部分时间都花在工作上，那么你为什么要把剩下的时间花在家里的桌子上。 对大多数人来说，一张办公桌的投资并不能带来多少回报。


但在目前的情况下，你最多只能在家工作几个星期，希望不会变成几个月。 因此，投资一个工作站有一些不可否认的好处:


工作 / 休闲分居

通常当我出门工作时，我把家与休息和闲暇时间联系在一起。 对我来说，这可能意味着在家里锻炼，和家人一起出去玩，关心一下我的宠物。 更不用说在 Netflix 上用美味的点心做点什么了。


所以当我想到家的时候，我脑子里想到的不是工作。 因此，人们很容易养成对工作无益的习惯。 拥有一个专门的工作空间可以让我在休息和放松之间划清界限。


我有一张只用于工作和大学作业的桌子。 除此之外，我在生活空间的另一个区域进行的任何休闲活动。


明确界限

假设你已经布置好了你的办公桌，上面有你需要的所有东西，整洁，整洁，总体上不会让人分心。 你需要更进一步，因为如果没有一个专注的心态，拥有一个专注的工作空间的好处可能会被玷污。


为了在你的工作空间里保持工作心态，你也应该把你在办公桌上采取的行动分开。 只有在执行与工作有关的任务时才坐在那里。 如果你想吃点零食或者在手机上浏览社交媒体，那么就离开你的办公桌，去休闲区，比如厨房桌子或者沙发。

你可以完全根据你的工作需求和个人喜好来决定这些界限。 但我还是建议你在养成坏习惯之前好好想想，这些坏习惯会影响你的工作流程。


限制干扰

我已经提到过，在家里会有很多让人分心的事情，事实就是如此。 虽然你不能在工作的时候让你的孩子、家人或者宠物静音，但是你绝对可以限制那些让你分散注意力的通知的数量。


手机通知是跟踪实时事件的好方法。 这也是一个可以肯定的方式失去对你正在做什么的关注。 因此，考虑在工作时禁用办公桌上与工作无关的通知。 就我个人而言，在任何时候，我只允许电话和信息服务给我发送推送通知。 除了银行应用程序和 MyFitnessPal 作为保持健康的食物是我目前在家庭办公体验的一部分。 这使我能够更好地控制自己的时间和注意力，选择将哪部分时间和注意力放在手机上。


通过有效的设置来提高工作效率

工作空间的设置会根据工作内容的不同而有所不同。 如果你是一个开发人员，你可能会受益于一个大的工作台除了两个或更多的监视器和良好的电缆管理。 如果你是一个艺术家，那么需要足够的空间为你的材料和站用于创作。 如果你使用音频，你将再次需要特定的设备，可能需要一个安静的环境。


工作站永远是有用的

是的，虽然你可能正在考虑一个基于当前情况的设置，你可能会开始享受有空间，无论何时你需要它。 你也可能发现自己找到了其他的兴趣爱好，现在你有空间去做它们了。 我还是一个学生和工作内容专家，我也有艺术爱好。 尽管如此，我的活动需要办公桌空间。 让它成为我自己的，尽可能实用，让我从工作快速切换到艺术是一个优先的长期设计，以协助我的所有活动，我需要的。


就我个人而言，我无法想象在我的家里没有一个专门的工作空间，在那里我可以集中精力完成一些工作，不管它是专业的还是一些个人的东西，比如制作我的子弹头日记的布局。 我有一个深思熟虑的部分，我计划转移到一个专门的工作室 / 办公室的路上。 你可以根据自己的需要尽可能多或尽可能少地留出空间，但是一旦你把它变成你的，并且用一种对你有利的方式布置它，你就不会后悔了。 即使是长期的。